[DCP] Add Distributed Checkpoint tutorial (#2565)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/distributed_checkpoint_recipe.rst

Getting Started with Distributed Checkpoint (DCP)
=====================================================

**Author**: `Iris Zhang <https://github.com/wz337>`__, `Rodrigo Kumpera <https://github.com/kumpera>`__, `Chien-Chin Huang <https://github.com/fegin>`__

.. note::

>    |edit| View and edit this tutorial in `github <https://github.com/pytorch/tutorials/blob/main/intermediate_source/DCP_tutorial.rst>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |edit| View and edit this tutorial in `github <https://github.com/pytorch/tutorials/blob/main/recipes_source/distributed_checkpoint_recipe.rst>`__.
```
